today we're going to show you how to
take the stereo out of a 2010 Ford
Mustang
now we've already taken the stereo out
of this vehicle and taking it into the
shop and had the stereo repaired so
we're just more or less going to show
the steps to getting the dash apart to
get access to the screws that mount the
stereo and so on we're going to start
with putting the key in the ignition
setting the parking brake and shifting
to a lower gear next we're going to take
our pry bar and we're going to go around
the edge of the trim panel that goes
around the gearshift and go around this
and this pulls up and works up I'm going
to remove it up and remove this up over
the gearshift and remove the trim ring
next we're going to open the center the
back pocket here this will allow access
to remove the next panel and we're going
to pry at the very back of the next
panel to lift this panel the panel is
held in place with clips and all these
clips release with pride pressure and
there's the back edge we're going to
work down the side releasing these clips
you have those clips release on this
ever now we're going to lift the back
edge of the panel up this would give
access to a connector here at the front
and there's a trigger on this connector
that you squeeze in and it allows you to
release the connector we're going to
cheat here and not release any of the
rear connectors on this panel and set it
to the side to give us access to the
front - next there are two screws one of
them is located here on the bottom left
that's exposed removing that panel one
on the left and one here on the right
we'll remove the two screws next we're
going to come back with our pry panel
and pry up the edge of this dash panel
to help release the clips along this
panel like I say the clips release with
pride pressure this panel will release
out
there we go this allows this panel to
pull back now it does have a wire
attached to it that goes back into the
dash again with another connector right
here but this pulls down out of the way
we're going to leave this attached as
well next if the stereo was in the dash
here you would need your phillips
screwdriver there'll be one screw at the
bottom left one screw at the top left
one screw at the bottom right and one
screw at the top right now that will
allow you to pull a stereo out of the
dash and disconnect the connectors on
the back and remove the antenna
now usually all these connectors have a
little trigger on them and you push this
trigger down into the connector releases
the lock and allows you to wiggle the
connector out of the back I hope this
video has been helpful this is a quick
little simple one if you have any
questions please see our website thank
you for watching
you